Update getting started guides (#1188)
simpeg/simpeg: CONTRIBUTING.rst

enhancement, we certainly appreciate if you are also willing to take action
and start a pull request!

.. _questions:

Questions

> ---------

Reviewer: should this be at the same level as "Issues" (rather than under it)? Since we ask people not to create issues for questions, it might be simpler as its own heading

Author: That makes sense.

If you have a question regarding a specific use of SimPEG, the fastest way
to get a response is by posting on our Discourse discussion forum:
https://simpeg.discourse.group/. Alternatively, if you prefer real-time chat,
you can join our slack group at http://slack.simpeg.xyz.
Please do not create an issue to ask a question.

> 

Reviewer: Also, should we include a heading on meetings? This is a great way for folks who are interested in contributing to engage with us.

Author: I think I'll add it in README.txt so it's a little more front and center.

.. _testing: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html#testing

.. _documentation: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html#documentation

.. _code style: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html#style

If you have an idea for how to improve SimPEG, please first create an issue
and `suggest enhancements`_. We will use the
issue as a place to discuss and make decisions on the suggestion. Once you are
ready to take action and commit some code to SimPEG, please check out
`getting started`_ for
tips on setting up a development environment and `practices`_
for a description of the development practices we aim to follow. In particular,

- `testing`_
- `documentation`_
- `code style`_

are aspects we look for in all pull requests. We do code reviews on pull
requests, with the aim of promoting best practices and ensuring that new
contributions can be built upon by the SimPEG community.

.. _pr_stages:

Stages of a pull request
------------------------

When first creating a pull request, try to make your suggested changes as tightly
scoped as possible. The fewer changes you make, the faster your branch will be
merged!

> If your pull request is not ready for final review, but you still want feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your pull request (PR) is not ready for final review, but you still want feedback
```

Author: I add the abbreviation a little higher up.

------------------------

When first creating a pull request, try to make your suggested changes as tightly
scoped as possible. The fewer changes you make, the faster your branch will be
merged!

If your pull request is not ready for final review, but you still want feedback
on your current coding process please mark it as a draft pull request. Once you
feel the pull request is ready for final review, you can convert the draft PR to
an open PR by selecting the ``Ready for review`` button at the bottom of the page.

Once a pull request is in ``open`` status and you are ready for review, please ping
the simpeg developers in a github comment ``@simpeg/simpeg-developers`` to request a
review. At minimum for a PR to be eligible to merge, we look for

- 100% (or as close as possible) difference testing. Meaning any new code is completely tested.
- All tests are passing.
- All reviewer comments (if any) have been addressed.
- A developer approves the PR.

After all these steps are satisfied, a ``@simpeg/simpeg-admin`` will merge your pull request into
the main branch (feel free to ping one of us on github).

This being said, all simpeg developers and admins are essentially volunteers

> providing there time for the benefit of the community. This does mean that

Reviewer 2: "there" -> "their"

it might take some time for us to get your PR.

Licensing

> =============

Reviewer 2: underline 4 characters too long (ok, very picky here :-) )

> The contributed code will be licensed under SimPEG's license

Reviewer 2: I would rephrase this to: «[...] will be licensed under the MIT license [...]»

The term «SimPEG's license» sounds too much like it is its own license. And what we should avoid at any cost in open-source is own-baked / custom licenses. Naming it by its name avoids confusion.

enhancement, we certainly appreciate if you are also willing to take action
and start a pull request!

.. _pull_requests:

Pull Requests
=============

We welcome contributions to SimPEG in the form of pull requests (PR)

.. _contributing_new_code:

Contributing new code
---------------------

.. _getting started: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/installing_for_developers.html

.. _practices: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html

.. _testing: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html#testing

.. _documentation: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html#documentation

.. _code style: https://docs.simpeg.xyz/content/basic/practices.html#style

If you have an idea for how to improve SimPEG, please first create an issue

> and `suggesting_enhancements`_. We will use the

Reviewer 3: Minor edit:
```suggestion
and `suggest enhancements <#suggesting-enhancements>`__. We will use the
```

merged!

If your pull request is not ready for final review, but you still want feedback
on your current coding process please mark it as a draft pull request. Once you
feel the pull request is ready for final review, you can convert the draft PR to
an open PR by selecting the ``Ready for review`` button at the bottom of the page.

Once a pull request is in ``open`` status and you are ready for review, please ping
the simpeg developers in a github comment ``@simpeg/simpeg-developers`` to request a
review. At minimum for a PR to be eligible to merge, we look for

- 100% (or as close as possible) difference testing. Meaning any new code is completely tested.
- All tests are passing.
- All reviewer comments (if any) have been addressed.
- A developer approves the PR.

After all these steps are satisfied, a ``@simpeg/simpeg-admin`` will merge your pull request into
the main branch (feel free to ping one of us on github).

This being said, all simpeg developers and admins are essentially volunteers
providing their time for the benefit of the community. This does mean that
it might take some time for us to get your PR.

Licensing
=========

> The code contributed to SimPEG will be licensed under the `MIT license
> <https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/blob/main/LICENSE>`_ which allows open
> and commercial use and extension of SimPEG. If you did not write

Reviewer 3: I think it would be nice to make it clearer **when** the code contributed to SimPEG becomes licensed under the MIT License. The _will_ might lead to think that this code will _eventually_ be MIT licensed, but without giving a clear time in the future.

In my opinion, once any contributor opens a PR, that code is already being shared under the MIT license. It's the author that licenses their contribution under that license, and not the package maintainers by merging their code.

```suggestion
All code contributed to SimPEG is licensed under the `MIT license
<https://github.com/simpeg/simpeg/blob/main/LICENSE>`_ which allows open
and commercial use and extension of SimPEG. If you did not write
```

Author: That's a good point, the language is quite subtle in general here.
